# Clinical Knowledge Graph

## Abstract
Several omics data types are already used as diagnostic markers, beacons of possible treatment or prognosis. Advances in technology have paved the way for omics to move into the clinic by generating increasingly larger amounts of high-quality quantitative and qualitative data.  Additionally, knowledge around these data has been collected in diverse public resources, which has facilitated the understanding of these data to some extent. However, there are several challenges that hinder the translation of high-throughput omics data into identifiable, interpretable and actionable clinical markers. One of the main challenges is the interpretation of the multiple hits identified in these experiments. Furthermore, a single omics dimension is often not sufficient to capture the full complexity of disease, which would be aided by integration of several of them. To overcome these challenges, we propose a system that integrates multi-omics data and information spread across a myriad of biomedical databases into a Clinical Knowledge Graph (CKG).  This graph focuses on the data points or entities not as silos but as related components of a graph. To illustrate, in our system an identified protein in a proteomics experiment encompasses also all its related components (other proteins, diseases, drugs, etc.) and their relationships. Thus, our CKG facilitates the interpretation of data and the inference of meaning by providing relevant biological context. Further, ~. Here we describe the current state of the system and depict its use by applying it to use cases such as treatment decisions using cancer genomics and proteomics.


